baron live we talk a lot about comics
americans right now in the games
video there is a justice the gods are
among us by the creators of mortal
kombat yeah that sends and then from
the other side not in dc comics but
at marvel there is a game that is in
preparation at our friends who are in
load lego games in England
for months and sons and precisely the
producer of this super marvel lego
heroes that will be released in September
certainly september october some
words thread to start on the story
of the solo mode of this first marble lego
ok superhero we really wanted to create
a story of money arrives on earth
and in fact he is shot and his surf is
breaks in many small blocks
kosmicki this cross what's going on
next is that the super villains are going
to start collecting these bricks
cosmic to build something
of devastating and so it will be to the super
hero to hunt down super villains from
understand what these are going to serve them
smic blocks and take the measure of the
threat to them then obviously
we will find all the superheroes of
marvel we see in the gameplay that
can be a group of superheroes
is this group imposed by
the story or so have chosen to
constitute his group with the characters
that we want to act what you play
in the story mode and because one
wish we can get in and out
characters that launches the story by
example when you play first
story mode level
she will be forced to play hawk iron
Man and Spider Man but if you
replay in the freeplay mag choose the
characters to wish you
for example tell you like if I
refused the first level with the kit
gold black widow provided you have
unlocked this allows to leave the field
free to some extent
obviously everyone wants to have the
opportunity to play the bad guys and
it's possible in the game that is
playable but it's not the only one
domination and trace of man's blood
back there are more than 100 characters
playable in the game thoroughly
we wanted to have the greatest number of
possible characters to represent at
better all the big family marvel
if people say to themselves I want to embody
an x-men where i want to embody iron man or
hawks is possible via a single game on
find it fantastic
we really have a lot of characters
in the game and I think everyone
can find his favorite
with obviously the recipe that made the
success of all these games a lot
humor of the kop where we go in and out
at any moment
and then a version wii uk in
preparation it was you who had
especially realized lego city undercover
on wiiu
can we expect a single
use of the big game bad in the
wii version or lego marvel super
heroes he knows that we there is no very
important for people it really takes
it's part of a new
gaming experience
I can not reveal any details
for the moment but it is obvious that we
will leverage it to create a
really fun experience is different
yes there will be features for
the guen thank you very much for his
first infos the game will be playable at
the e3 is the idea is the idea yes eh
Well we can try this very soon and
we will keep you informed by
our first reactions since we did not
not been able to test the game yet
thank you very much for ticking and